Grade
=====

* Definition of test cases
      - Good coverage over intended functionality: 1.5/2
* Testing
      - Running and documentation of tests: 0.5/1
      - Justification of implementation choices: 0.5/1
* Repository state
      - Structure (team workflow, commit messages): 1/1
      - Code quality, API documentation and coherency: 1/1

_Total:_ 4.5 points

Feedback
========

Please use the correct team member names.

# Definition of test cases

Your "approach" test is not a test, much rather it is inferred from the "completeness" test. In the last test (bug2) you seem to mix behaviour in test scenarios and "implementation". 

As was described in the assignment, "make absolutely sure that you
test the various solutions using the same preconditions (e.g. use the same start and goal positions,
clearance levels, speeds, etc.). All parameters and preconditions for each test must be documented". 

# Testing

We would have liked to see some data, maybe some screenshots, comparative tables, etc. Right now we have to take your word for the results to actually represent the current software status.

For omni velocity controller the results seem to point to the first solution to be better than the second one. Although e.g. the first test fails you seem to conclude that the implementation achieves all tasks. 

# Repository state

Workflow and commit messages are good. 

Code quality and documentation are excellent.

The code is compiling and successfully went through a test on the bug2 algorithm.